# Minutes for the Blosc Steering Council Meeting

Date: 2020-03-25

Attendees: Alberto Sabater, Anthony Scopatz, Francesc Alted

* There is a general agreement with the road-maps for Blosc2 and Caterva.  Some notes:

  * Priority in C-Blosc2 should go towards providing plugin capabilities for allowing more user-defined filters and codecs.

  * We decided to not go into the buildkite CI because we recently moved into Azure CI and we are getting very good results.

  * Releasing new versions of Caterva and cat4py should be done as soon as the undergoing refactorization is done.

  * Anthony volunteered to produce packages (conda-forge and maybe wheels too) for C-Blosc2, Caterva and cat4py.

* Besides the road maps, there is indeed the work to be done with regular maintenance of existing projects like c-blosc (1) and python-blosc, which should receive new maintenance releases soon.

* Anthony also suggested that cat4py should adhere to NumPy standards so as to make interaction with the ecosystem as smooth as possible (Anthony, can you refresh my memories on which is that standard exactly?).

* Alberto suggested a better interaction of python-blosc2 and cat4py with Python async machinery so that other libraries can use it in a more efficient way.

* Finally, regarding more funding, we discussed the possibility to ask for a Small Development Grant from NumFOCUS, but also apply to the next cycle of the CZI's Essential Open Source Software for Science (https://chanzuckerberg.com/rfa/essential-open-source-software-for-science/), which will open probably on the next month of June.  We think that these are good ideas, and worth pursuing them, most specially asking for a CZI grant (although doing the application should represent a good amount of work).
