# Meeting of the Steering Council of Blosc

Atendees: Alberto Sabater and Francesc Alted

## Schedule

* Intro: what we have done in C-Blosc2 and Caterva
* State of the project: Huawei grant is basically finished and looking for more grants (except for CZI)
* New folks on board of the Blosc Team: Oscar Guiñón, Marta Iborra, Nathan Moinvaziri
* TODO:
    * Continue with the ROADMAP
    * Get ready for a production release of C-Blosc2
    * More effort on communicating: blogs, SciPy conference (ideas?)

## Discussions

We discussed the general directions of the project, and here are some of the suggestions mentioned:

* One can generate the C-Blosc2 in their own repo and publish directly to RTFD.  Then, we can cross-link the two sites, C-Blosc2 and Caterva which are closely related.
* Python-Blosc2 wrapper: Keep an eye on the numcodecs package so as to see if we could provide provide/emulate the API for e.g. installing new filters and codecs.
* Mention the plugin efforts towards tuning of parameters like codecs, level, blocksize (updated in ROADMAP).
* Replace the support for S3 or databases as storage backends by a pluggable I/O API.  This will allow users to define their own I/O interfaces. (Updataed in ROADMAP).
* Add new blogs on the Blosc site on a more recurrent way (once every two weeks or a month max at least).
* The board of directors value a lot the plugablility and think that it is time for a release after all the plugin machinery would be ready. If all goes well, April 2021 should be a good date for C-Blosc2 2.0 RC1.
